doc: include library artifacts (#179)
ansys/pyworkbench: doc/source/getting-started/installing/linux.rst

Install PyWorkbench locally in Linux
####################################

> This guideline covers the local installation of PyWorkbench in Linux platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page explains how to install PyWorkbench locally on a Linux platform.
```

.. note::

>     This guide assumes that you have a local installation of STK and a valid
>     license in your machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The following instructions assume that you have a local installation of STK and a valid
    license in your machine.
```
Valid license of what? STK or Ansys Workbench. I assume it is the second. Either way, specify what license is needed.

Download artifacts
==================

> Start by downloading PyWorkbench wheel or source artifacts for Linux:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by downloading PyWorkbench wheel or source artifacts for Linux. Wheel artifacts
are the preferred option for installing PyWorkbench.
```
I think the preference should be before the tabs.

.. jinja:: artifacts

    .. tab-set::
        :sync-group: artifacts

        .. tab-item:: **Wheels download**
            :sync: wheels

>             Wheel artifacts are the preferred option for installing PyWorkbench:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Wheel artifacts for installing PyWorkbench:
```

                * - **Size**
                  - {{ wheels_size }}
                * - **SHA-256**
                  - {{ wheels_hash }}

        .. tab-item:: **Source download**
            :sync: source

            Source distribution for installing PyWorkbench:

            .. list-table::
                :widths: auto
        
                * - **Artifact**
                  - `{{ source }} <../../../_static/artifacts/{{ source }}>`_
                * - **Size**
                  - {{ source_size }}
                * - **SHA-256**
                  - {{ source_hash }}

Install artifacts
=================

Install Linux artifacts by using the `pip <https://pypi.org/project/pip/>`_ command:

.. jinja:: artifacts

    .. tab-set::
        :sync-group: artifacts

        .. tab-item:: **Wheels install**
            :sync: wheels

            .. code-block:: text
            
                python -m pip install {{ wheels }}

        .. tab-item:: **Source install**
            :sync: source

            .. code-block:: text
            
                python -m pip install {{ source }}

Verify installation
===================

> Verify a successful installation of PyWorkbench by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify a successful installation of PyWorkbench by running this code:
```
